[Music]
and then look there's one thing that no one has
realized that she also took and that was not
included in the inheritance which is the well the
subject of the well here has been driving us crazy
because I don't understand the subject well tell me I
feel clearer
she says that
Gloria Mohedano has that role and for
us the piece of the puzzle that doesn't
fit is how Gloria Mohedano is going to have
ss tape no and then on the other
hand it is from the death of her father until the
death of her mother
being the well in Chipiona her mother
has never mentioned the well as a child
you also have this well since your
father
look Pedro Carrasco was a very good friend of a
businessman from Chipiona owner of a
very well known hotel in Chipiona who had some
land about a kilometer and a bit from the
Los Naranjos estate which is the famous
estate that Amador Mohedano and his
sister Gloria owned so as he was a very good
friend and the estate was dry land
and he buys this well from his friend who
does him a favor because of the friendship they had
and sells him a well and from that well
a water channel is made  so that the
farm could be irrigated it could be
cultivable and talc the problem with
Chipiona in the area where they have
the farm is that it is too
close to the sea which means the water is a
little saline okay in any case this
farm was never considered as an
investment it was bought by Rocío Juradó
and Pedro Carrasco at the time because they
foresaw that the new urban development plan
and being close to the beach
could be reclassified without
going from rural land to
developable land okay so well it
was very good for them to have everything because in the
meantime while all that was happening they
could grow crops etc. but it
was not something that kept them up at night the
administration the administrator and the
person in charge of managing those
lands was Manuel Jurado who was a
cousin of
Rocío Juradó on the part of the Jurors and
so obviously they knew about the
existence of a well that they could
draw from to irrigate that farm
the Mohedano family knew about that nicknames to everyone everyone
knew that there was a well I mean no one
can say that they didn't know that there was a
well too  they threw it into the water it didn't
work if there was water they didn't know
because if there wasn't of course
then what happens that this the
orange tree farm is bought by Pedro and
Rocio as I had told you but Pedro buys the well
when Pedro dies there I think
the well is hidden maybe deliberately
okay I don't know if Rocio Carrasco knew it
or not what I'm sure she didn't know
was Raquel Mosquera
the right to the well also had to have
entered into the hereditary estate
others with insurance because she is sure that we
want it was she didn't know
because Raquel Mosquera didn't have that
contact you think it was a farm that
belonged to the other party Raquel
Mosquera when she went to Chipiona well they wouldn't
start talking about the well because the thing is that
Pedro Carrasco didn't even
care because he had already sold his
share with the separation from Rocio Juradó
so it didn't make sense that it
could be a topic of conversation
between them but I get Carrasco
who grew up there and would know the
farm because she would have gone there on some
occasion and she has all that all her
family
there at her  I raise Manolín to his uncle I don't know
what, well they should know then what
happens is that there is a big problem with
the inheritance because when
Rocío Jurado's inheritance is being distributed, some people
feel well, well, they fight with
Maddox and Amador and they
fight a lot over what is theirs and look how
everything was very well determined but
even if you determine that he left my brother and
Gloria the Naranjos farm
and an industrial warehouse and he
left my secretary the duplex in Chipiona
and he left my sister Gloria the house in
Chipiona and the other one and such and you detail it
because she really detailed it then
an appraisal of all
those assets must be made and those thirds have to
be equitable
so what happens there comes the problem
with the appraisals that Amador has always
complained and said it was
valued
look I'm going to tell you why this is
bothered to look for the data that I had already
looked for with a 15 report for
the reason and I was reading it before and it
says why Amador complained that if he
had valued almost the same I think
the price is not true  the farm that remains
based on its third of improvement Rocío
Carrasco which is the administrator's farm
issue of the administrator which
is a farm that has vineyards that the
Rocío Jurado wine and the administrator's farm
that had 400,000 square meters
is valued at that time at 870 million
pesetas of pesetas we are talking that this
would be
approximately 5 million it is not in the
final valuation or the one that was
validated at that time the valuation at that
time for the third of improvement Rocío
Carrasco is awarded to the administrator's farm
which is then valued
at 870 million the Los Naranjos farm
is valued at 300 million but of course in
that third was the farm that is the
third of free disposition which is the one that
Rocío Juradó leaves to her relatives
plus my daughter not to her children but to her
relatives and Juan de la Rosa there is
the Naranjos that are valued at 300 million
duplex in Chipiona that he leaves to his
secretary at 35 million the house in
Chipiona my grandmother Rocío
115 million the  ships I don't know that
two ships were left, one for his godson
Fernando, son of Rosa Benito and Amador, and
another famous ship belonging to
Amador Mohedano. So here then there was that of
course why Rocio
Carrasco wanted to keep the
administrator and that she and her brothers
to compensate for the third of the legitimate share
had a share of this farm
and of course the Mohedanos did not want at
all to put anyone else there other than
them who were the two
brothers and that they can be that it is
easier because of that agreement for all of us,
we sell it, we don't sell it and so there
were many disputes and I think in
some way
or they were slow, I mean
the Mohedanos to say no, but this is being
sold with the well at that time, you
know, say because the farm is with the
well it is worth more but without it it is worth
less, you know there they were not ready or
maybe they wanted to hide it from Rocio
Carrasco, I do not know, that I tell you
that I do not know, here I am making a
few conjectures
what Marta when the facts and what
happened later  Well, what is Rocío doing?
I think she's angry about all these
discussions that this
will, this inheritance from her mother, has generated and
considering that in some way they
were stealing part of her inheritance
even though it had been her
mother's decision to leave her brothers in such good standing, she
sells the well and not just
her family because what is normal is what
Amador is complaining about and I think he is
absolutely right is that she should have said, hey,
I have discovered now
and let's say that he has discovered
then that this well
is in my name because it is an inheritance from
my father that the well belonged to my father it
was not my mother's and then look,
I want 50 million 100
million pesetas for this well, whatever I could have
asked them for whatever I wanted, they
probably wouldn't have had the money
to buy it, I don't know, I don't know
what a well is worth, I have no idea
but for that it will be essential because it
makes their property lose value that he
sells it to a third party, well, he really
did it with bad intentions, we will not
agree, which is normal and then the others will get
angry, of course, and that is without  warn and
without the Mohedanos yet
talking about calling on television, no, of
course, effectively, it is that then we have to
look at the specific moments in which
all these operations are being carried out,
which in some way are
causing these fissures because despite
everything, we go there in the end everyone
has signed and they have stamped their signature
even if they have left angry about a
distribution of inheritance, okay, but in the end
everyone signs because they have to sign within a
period of time,
this has happened with a
party's will and with many wills of
famous people, well in the end you sign and some
always feel harmed but
once everything is signed they distribute
everything they are very happy because
a lot of money is concentrated, many
properties and such, then this thing about the
well happens, you know what I'm telling you, then like
year that well would also have a right and
Raquel Mosquera and it does not appear in the
will, that's why I tell you that I don't know
if Rocío was unaware of it or not
and secondly,
I really like when I mean when there is a
conflict to look carefully at what the beginning
of the conflict is and I think that you don't know the
well that then we can more or
less agree with the behavior
that they have had  Each one on television
because I think that the call to perhaps
the things that have been
established about Rocio Carrasco have been too strong and she
decided the best on television.
There are some attitudes also with the
issue of the museum, for example, Rocio
Carrasco denounces some attitudes of
Amador with economic issues with issues
that Amador is very cool that he has a lot of
nerve that he asked him for this money that he
asked the other
but the initial conflict is the well is
what breaks everything, not if the conflict that
I determine as the real origin
[Music]